Create new contributor onboarding e-learning series WIP (#347)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/docs/onboarding/01-starting-out.md

---
title: "Section 1: Starting Out"
type: reveal
weight: 1
description: |
    Begin your journey to become a contributing member of the Kubernetes project!
---

# Welcome to Kubernetes!

> Welcome to the E-Learning for Contributors course for Kubernetes!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the New Contributor course for Kubernetes!
```

We look forward to your contributions!

---

# What you are about to learn

This first unit is all about starting out in the Kubernetes community. By the end of this unit, you will:

* Understand the organization of the K8s community, special interest groups, committees, and working groups.
* Communicate effectively with the community.
* Understand and be able to work with the K8s code of conduct and community values.

---

# Who exactly is a contributor?

Kubernetes contributors bring a wide range of talents, skills, services, and ideas to the community. They:

* Write documentation
* Write and review code
* Participate in the community
* Participate in special interest groups
* AND MORE!

Everybody's contributions are welcome in the Kubernetes community!

---

# What are the core values of the Kubernetes community?

The Kubernetes community adheres to the following principles:

* Distribution is better than centralization 
* Community over product or company
* Automation over process
* Inclusive is better than exclusive
* Evolution is better than stagnation

> [Read more about our community values.](https://www.kubernetes.dev/community/values/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Read more about our community values.](/community/values/)
```
This can be a find replace of `https://www.kubernetes.dev/` with `/`
across all the changed files

Author: Done!
